V A v v
A
-
\ v W
La gram igiraifi war...
Nazi zenfin
La e
V v v
Prsfiu“ gar
TQQ finmwatxsn Ltfi. A as an
scarigirial : Eii@chir@
:5 Shfififijfi? SH I ilfiwil ilZIJ
' f: ' " I Lliailfiiltsuirui SH!
' ' ' T:
artiistiiquie : Shiinzfi 'flJKI
A % %%%% “Shara : N A
H at Fislfifififiiflgli IQQIZLJ El I
fife ilffanjiififiagltiifin :
5:5 Juiifijfi? SIHIIIEHIIIZLJ
Ié? fieisuiiirs uine
a ilf'a;iiiri fiirfilemefit ban
JarLrVQaa méme pugs a
Male Isa: moauffze
Luffy
*
if fie fifiifiifig.
Q I if ill A a - a; [a
élléjlhrfriti-iihmin imtuajana I!
In as*'@n Afiaiiira péitierir ILaa |magnasar I!
Eh man Tait.
“Ia ;n"'*aiim@ 1mm 19$ Lruinniiing gags @!@
n
_l _ Ealmeurs,
a 15L,“ a iauta s; an meufl fie iafxm *2'
aréasp we argue trafirséa,
figs EHTQS want xm was.
LuffyL, Men'
- Efi
-
Llfiilllg; jafiuir mine.
LIIH tziriuia; I!
- Man , 1mg.
- km gram fie flz x
I x V - rain
-
main giréaiiin I!
Wur rienre la mer
lie: kalQfijoQur.
Kansas, man
fig“ fixes-mus 1*.
FiTiEZE-Iififilglifi fife ariaus fiélesteir aiiins I
f“? flgfilifmina I!
V  vmleuiira é!
I x \
Vf, e tute \
nn
\ i-  w %
ELLrl Taiitig, me amrrt die-Q greintiiils I!
Du tAut
pzetit, Qfi
Hé ll ressatiertaiit
Hé, Marcia g
“s saw; sugar méahants a
itiue 4221113 [a fifiiral
viai _ x
tnrer
-
- Ffélu valacaripte
I-I I-I I-I
...
u;@;I
I
gum, as tgpe
- fin fiwaxt nxx“ est Qastxnue.!
N iéi|§fi§$1§iY@iiLl[@ Ban @ufi,,I
Jar suns LLIIfl hzrowimimar élfasstzinicluia;
N 51a“ %  —Z
I I la seigneuir Egl ljifiragn!
||
E1 Dfmiragm '?
quimg, '?
Et
Luffy
El Ara;...
Fin met has mats a!
Hiein \
ll
NEH; imam lnatiit; itiréisiaair I!
Ii I  SH]? 1e nafiiire ffiizarirehi
L-i .§@§if%ifi$
Luffy 17!!
Afil Elan flu izffiavar.
Sum, wag aitanw '=1?
As ma sans murd.
N N i*< it afufif Iléliié? I
fie IELIII?" ' ilglifififiagfi ?
Tu
Tu feiviaint ti lie rtain irate T:I.
- La p2ir&a;te T@ta;I@
-
Ae su\s é. vaaanture, _
é a reahsrshe flung- 'fle- an trésfir.
' '-. .-' ' 1-; ._ _. ,._ --.. .. I": f q 'a s'. .'\_ _.-_ T. .'-._" EII '  'iifi ...
- I
NEH; lwfifi w I!
As me 514$ 'wfiutré
mm mews; trfimaar Wfis fist a
x - ll Tait
-
Eitas, mus rwésmutaz 'ii?
Qettfi want akéazhamia...
F If I!
'?
Qt nuaL mumh 'ii
Tocataiuza;
V- aiy V _ \
- Tu
Tu fen Qclaluaint la :rte
iet tu FTGVITGFTTS? la fen
;-; "I|]":,_:.r__ ;-; j | I-_-' - H'- fl - , ;
Iffifiiiglllfiifi ant % I leuir fifiifiififil?” flu . c»...
...—— .. _ _ ,
\.._
1 gufif flan I.!
Tan is iffififllllfilgliil?'
lusts un waeux; fifirLné.
Mt-atu-fzeu moon,
was. §arLr§1e Va.
III f %  ¢ % V: TFELIS 18s jfiLllFS;
ssi we an fiéyiaminfiaqrt ii
En il
J"@[fl iHTiHFiFQ fiWétira
{mte mm imtiiieuxi
Luffyl,
finir
'-
pzzliratfi flair;
'I! 'I!
Tzce: Taxi Isa frigauillze
nine; firaiig I ;enfi;e;.i N
l1 r %  fie lffiil?” iffifiifififlffil;
a qufian mt.
V En _
il
I I gpalfaenfii auf'aux iffi f %  " ' '
||  fiiezrtzé.
I I
- wil a1 un Aaiil.
- |I vrviaint
Fiifi/Wiflfifl eat iiimimmirtiel!
Il it art
PTIIeiV "'r.
LJ/“ai iegntievnp El ria Jet
we 1u"'|I?s% a ill a rent PTIIeiV "'r.
An gras ail
Mi, je rejinre
Pézuiae e
'A 'A
Mi v|r
5* Qg-Qlejiin
“
Tu u ui _ \
urui il rve/jjinrait tn Lééunave;
u? je QVTGFTil'
lei R1
Lg...» (I?
Lg RQX Qwaififi -?
Gle filler Giranfii Line
LFQFL fig Filléls Qffiififii * F fijufi
\e fine fime,
ax Qiwrnk “a Rm fies grates.
Il _
ssuififfiiti I!
_ tn rcirufe,
1e tu en VTeiFTil'
Que m ms
pxetit.
|I
fines, as ZQZQS.
I. % %
quimii; [Jfifififiifiiififfi]:
m: qiuiaif lfégilifiifi Llaa Lnzawztier
1251QiusirY1s, naumes ex akguss,
mxmxtes fie gsissfifl, 1m nmts,
ieiliée ataite, Jet
Mi, j"'a1i fiaiit
tut iet fiertai 11 ferry.
Ins 'IFETHEF;
- 11 kaxerry!
-
li;;*1t fiifinné
I x Lie;
PM ml1'*arg@rrt&
- tQut A
- flfélr t@;I
Ban' tam 191s.
Luffy
v
LE HI IRATESE
Qétaist sugar mm
Ex ham '
Eh fifrfifi x
- t miififiagle qua qua in ifaiiés;
'I!
Sue mus aha “I
Fifi, El ria.
Qt 'pate nxxan a iaim Etta tans“.
.§ qufi étre aiiilleuirsi
Qm , mus ralsan.
V
V  I"'r
a , _ __,_ I ; --.
-._ ,
Ems, tfiulfiurs sign en wig '=1?
Fin fie fififiaixt mus Etta min.
Tyairira an vuia I!
PTIQ mr I!
Lfla flaw fie "iflmfiah I.
Izai 'vxaviliai
4» '
La 'fiiagua merry 'i?
Was aims...
\ t; -\| I'\
um!!!» I!
_
_.-v
éltire an iffiiflffi a iffifiifi iren.;rfii
Mme
mui, ti
A
pilftailiififi Lisfijggfi;
filwnrfiss étira LIIH mains QUE? irfiarn é!
,
%m'*fi@ fiaus
I .|.
Qiflimjmfi? gap;
iifgfilglfiéfiif ileitir1=~r
lav
_ _
Le gram ahershmr fie trr , us a a a,
N N
fiflmafifi; EX SUE-S?
Iui, I61 En ajvaillev
L-I fTLle-{lei
L-i lifiilaiis [smuiriqiuifii '?
Il n*'y a I*'*r1ui
@315 flux, '\\ 1g a {as Var aussi k
AQ Si; ttfiuwsr QLNES flfif.
I i-J-III-I-II-I III III.
- Bu sf...
I
'file mum vmuia amrwiiuiiira; [m mlle wuimi;
_
'jle, F116; fame
Lzai
an, mus f?
lira marker farm
fl .i§l_;.5lff§f 'if il.'
V  v
Le waste est
an fig giant “re.
- Lzai Isa
-
Isa malieifiie rlegarmdze
:I|;é;.
N lie
a» l1 as la Ealfiflfifig!
Fiuii
'_,.n___;-; CL "-. _;-;__ .- _:
uzezllze mamaze
Allaz ms gars; WI y w/ax
Afififlfifilq, 1a minis w/eniiir auiasfii '?
-
Q“ waiaixra 121mg; - -
I " 5A Yfifi HQH u';
'zfieux sizhnm a
- fie 'tare 'i?
- fin ts Q“ qufin Kara a avamge \...
La lne, wult.
Us; ufileuirxsi
- IQFTTLJi, mi I!
- Tu at yer, ailrs
\j"'1€=1i;| fan IQCTI.
Tu “afiux aufin trfiuua Var gaur mi.
Tu traofra).
Tammi attiragme imam mhameaui I!
%  I ' élfifijiififfiéiffifiifit
L-L GK'
fig 'f§_i§ififi§il"i_
N N %
Han?
N"'im:rte ui V
tn
Paw mi?'fifinaail;einmze, Ila @I;e[mfi@-{ I 1 '  ll
- Tu jflaiire 1ue je te
-
Tu ne x4e fie :t-a_u-feu,
M_ij"1en aii mairre
da Lraviiainmiliraii {jamaiiia I!
Ili-'Qiflfiifi-illiifik-iffififif M
\ \
\\~\
_- Tfijfiiqfiu a f? '~
1; filffifififlf¥$ % I?
Ti...
Avmra: lzai
1alieine 1ui rzeaire
a la 1ui :in;te
Ice mdaait...
\ \
\\~\
-
- Ah, u|.
Efififfi man.
fimez, an remrei Zara.
Ui, il rt
...
il fiaut 'étre frt, nn
Han?
T;@;| fioQfi
A N N N
=1 \ I“ t flalleri fie I I  " ' 1.
II Isa tiegte, lui.
'Tan, {
gar 3Q, mm ventrer 'é?
W -
-
n I*"r
tut
La nuififian, 6&1 fie QB.
Il
Tam a 1am, 3g .\.
A A
W:na1n1, mn
tan gate *1
T_ut Tait,
flu \%au\aage fie “ikimnan
stfissuasra fia- fins.
Uéqxange fie 'fifianan nmste gAus.
W Han? \
fin a tans Tefiwanés,
fia- fiss arfiares mama.
- _
-
_
I ifiififinan éifiilfiifiii fiifilfiififé$i_
“s 5am mus mafls,
dang \'fi\'= nfius reaiem, nafrfia.
Han, “Hans”.
Ur :ur mi.
Ui, tut fait L
Tut |*"r rieivient au El ria.
QB tu as, gamma 'i?
Tu
Han, 1a flaws 'guise aMer aux; tmefckes.
Ag "imus fifinnar “as fiétaus.
Tu
Jal |*'*a1|r mienteur
- _
-
ima flair "
"'§I is iffifiifiifif HIFITE Lijlé.
V v
El
- ai-t-il
- La rutie 'ieiviaint.
H \ - vrtaii.V.. \
- n Ant faire un wéiiul'
fig mmnuia.
II... ||
ur
vrtai|men~t UFTG rutille.
Tut lui
-
- zmt.
N fait maintenant
Qirifiasav
nn
||
fiars afiuraugi wfiusjxaumaz an vans
fififius taut a Vhgurg 'i'
Av 4V
Nan was 1e a!
Tifimwitie 1m cmimima
Qa alumina 'TEEJYIHTI
A A - U
-
I- an
% I  [a zrghfitfiaui as Maugham
Et
iimestvar?
W ¢ Et \
-
- tu FiTQFT u tut.
- An' fen fiaiit ui
-
Héi a
Tu traighite:
-
lai reivtite; fille; rtain irate;
- reititie: fille V \
- tut
4V  (dit \
wlyk
\
¢I*~'i< iramlarimmisailjlav Jzcawsérlnihifinav I!
Quake 'mime amusafian.
Ili-"iffiiifliléiif Lleur auiraiiseje
Fifi it 'Iffilglfiil?' _l_'fiilf'g,-
il
é! Llifiii-jfi 'ffiiiii '?
- Afal taut fin k
- ii
Salim $61116 arm ha, tiu: mliifs '?
El Avitzrez.
..
%
Eh flan?
Riegé en am flax.
Il utiliser lie: p2@u'v@ir
fUQi _
-
I!
||
- \\ aasse mum 'i
- Qast Va shéxeau fie Wmnan.
I; % % fit an an % Ifi-{aas
i- Hghffifiifififi
V' TQkJFiQ
i
lie Fruit la
ilaiifan ujn Firiuiifitt @ill;I[ Téimiifiifl
%
fi%est1rui1st§r?I % %
Jffiefi Zali Qarlielr.
N N :1; ¢ fifififilglifi;
an
ui a Piée Virie \
I"'r
tQi 'I!
|| isiuffit e; tut ravamer,
n 1ife;n |"*r.
UH paui mla afiilanm I!
% Tl % x5 \\ \-[[I;\
“HE Van“ 'i?
Pxarmn. \
qjuiig, imiimirmime
Mi Je Luffy.
Le futur Hi
- EX my Zara.
- “Sam.
F? “éimnan é'?
was Qans va- aeiiwx, réwanas.
Tu
ll
an fi'§fi $11
Tam nu? "g a gsfis
mar mfiwa mm ast wiwafit'
'% 1; t I ifiifjéifilglft-étifg 'iifafififfifiifiii an
HE? 'i6? pas!
É; agufi 1:314]? est agririiaé; é; E'
Ilifiil?” fie Maugham
[e I31?' N fife i1| I
an Efiéifflll, fie we'
un cainit t|
. _:
1% I
Tiui Itiiiainas 'iifiifiii QUE? Lmauijrifir
il?'._l'.'".'lfif§@I'iilf*ilt_ 'i I.
_ Tu Pair
1|ien savw manier lie:
Maia ma auffifiira Em I!
Eh tat-zen
m fwaxs mans.
V'
-
- Hielm
Eafi “s saflalxemi aux 'ii?
Asicamnt; glmsérlnihifinav at
-H@n?_
-
I '1
Minim TKGILJIIEIUIYQ imt*'*mmuijpweir dye w/muiaji
czetit
it \
wag man.
B's Harm, j g % / f
tu xmuiz; mzwanser ufi aw QQYQEWL '5'
Piurquiii
-
- .u@|
Ellie pzaut iafiffairie).
-
- T@Y@|@.
Mlwim mzlaw qufi
1g gig
Han, 3g "ma-nix, mfg...
- " u fie
Lwar fist sans as fuwxas, mafitsfiafit.
\ H
Nan; imam 1mm
Umr zaipzgsazrtizenpt
-
- ll
Um" n1 as fi-flus.
Flan pilusi
Qiliimlmfiifiii iésaziiss gap
it _l__l.”I.|.'I:*
milmfift: éiiffi LIIH Ilaruirira
" Sfiifléiffigifiii gjllglélifg!
Ila farm tirésxowir I!
La ararta farm
——
ifififiiffifiiffi fie l7éifiilglfif fifigfi fie filhffifinan
% I  rfiiiis Ia Ffifiafififi
i- ITLIL me pirenfis iafiuir ajjuii
Tiu qiklliifiifif; Lléé:
Bu iwma, rgganrflfi.
Si man 'muvix-an exist mvrmiia...
Ba Yafiara Qffiwaihvaus 'i?
I  N Tifiglit; I; N
1 %  % est en train isragsparaitireii
.
Irzaanwil Lgiinar I!
Fie
FTITGFTLT n via fiaire,
fin rva gags aumn 'mafia "*¥!¥@Qfiafi.
"Y % it Bfiffiifi uifi
iet lai Jclhne u
zailevinev »ui reparve;
Hafiint '? Vraiimainft; '?
Et il 'y avait lie
tut.
“La QLIQLIE? I?'@s% I“
¢I*~'i< iraiias nan; ailfilar in*'@sti IFEsst; I!
Ellie;
Hans ewmvez I.
An arrwe 3 grhwmgr taut en ham,
fin trfiuwara sfiremant Wimnan.
Aui}, an via lse;
A v  v
Iii I; I iragifiie; gaauir [a.
V \ 'Vii  _
ELQiMfiMflQIFTiZ juiriraiia inaviigiuieir
aw; “?
Arriiéitfe, n viii trTHeir.
Bitefs, trfiufisié xm flan mm
fin gent {are xme- Hakka.!
PMW
gut-m we mus fiat 'um *1
aui % E'
E1
lie haut
il
m mamas wifianan 'if
Fir: giant an rnéme image, ,
an a granax enssmms, mmme fies iréres.
V W
A  v
--. _...- __,_,__\ I ;.
Éyfifi
= i'?
V _ M v V A
, _ n
--. _ __,_ I ; --.
-
-mm a mm?
Et \
ll 1iienviviaint, nieiuneu
Un naivirie Aair
j  eu I Iffiifiilg' an Q érfi.
, \
rmn
I911uain riéirvifeilllé,
Jéitait prtarti.
Hans fie nfius sfimmigs isms lamas flasus.
Ae aw/aiis ljnasl
- -
%  11 ¢itgé
'fiil etart a.
C 1 W Q of I, 1 m J35.
In file . _ '*" ' ..__,_-..
* [ ; is glue ilTifi-fififiiiifiififi-jfiii;
I men gfifiiteir;
fa paak Qans Qaua
fax ms taut man awn.
Tu "g as ms taut tan wur I'?
N
lie :t-a_u-fieiu viai riefrnr.
Alma; min ast pfifiiifi @!@
-
-. a ...K . 'In. 'I
iien paiar ici
,-
fie aghaqise; fiii fie iaimel
N pine fiihfiilffifififiu“ %
gins
La I':!
I Aifen  \
Vu lai tattle u
- n eut air
- Line
fiifiift: éfitire an
ii ,  fig jaiiles fiffir;
Lzai kawalceinaa; A
Tu
an' igamam...
El
Lf'*@ir fist iliégmllakssxawuias
Law gara, iraimmintiizeza-amwfii itimuft;
' jileifi
- La
- 'V!
AH@fi?
- fséuffiit
IJeVgt-elu-feu 'aiy a1 rZEéAairé
tut
Je tfei tusciher.
TQS mater“ “I?
Viraiimaint; fiuiiiiwiiiwiiaiira'
I!
A quail; E'
Extra a
@@lti-au>- f eui% wfifui
I k  [a Ffi€iil_[$I;liii?* fiH iffifiififiifi!
Tam, Ate |@;ar@@nnz@rar;I
- Zara; x _
- Qeuéué, '\\ est wsuv ma»
...
12am k!
La iarflauas; shassaur fie mraxss
Rsrfinsa Zara k
Pan 'mmflfi fix?“ 2*%\.
Eu Eararss est 'nwainisifiae.!
,  eAn rnevllezsé».
Xu \a tuafsik
TMau 111 <@I"a@r.
Zara k
V? Amiiia-ammfiié,
@@ql4l[@IKi1i"'fi$ Mamie mimima f?
Au fn, tie lajiTt
fie: tufeir :ur tye.
I qua fiiijssi rmn
w la wmiiis mians yaux;
m as “ants flutfwvssr tan
mar 6% “fir.
. -I I  palms 'fiiffiil?' fie ta lama'
Tue-lie;
vriafli 1U ma"
@235 unsélareur xm a asrfiu fiené
aflaut flash“: , Vega-gag fifiun 'wxstant.!
EX 'mstafit 'tare
tsute a fiméwengg Qfltffi “ans figux,
-r 1. fiirgafies iiitiauxi
un jur u; Ff€1FU'VIL/€=LS?1laLifLi\/€f1é,
rfewens vir.
In fifiliiifififéai lav [fair inziawufwiaaguij:
1u"'|| fetiairt frt M6
Han?
Kflalxmefiam, 3 tan taut.
. TQS Qagflé-
Aa sms man énewéi malntsnant.
V'
-
Ii:
Eiri gipzfiiire
I-I I-I I-I
...
I-I III
@121
H _ M
Frunt
Ia? iFili'?I;-.I[§ii'§'tj@.iilgl[ iuiim
min hzrawimimai é?.|.:E§$I§IQ:LL-.IIQI.I
_ Airs V
|I
I-I I-I I-I
'Q
W; I
Han, anfiara.
I I!
1w [was a!
Swim man affsanue, t as
Maum I!
_ u
||
LZihlTiié, ZUTi-g; Ziuii é!
Luffy 17!!
I-I I-I I-I
'xi-I -__-_\___
El QraQQ
Eiifigflfi E!
I-I I-I I-I
I-I I-I I-I I'_
Ulairimure ien r u sieineur El
Ellie
Tron'
Bar ask mar mfii k!
I-I I-I I-I
Vafi-W I
...
Lie... Lie; El ria
I-I I-I I-I I-I.
An
- Gm , an We aw k.
- Qm k
Iixlian; fiiifiiflfiifi I! Pas [var [a I!
Flu'; : _-". H 'u' 'In I" I I. I. I. I: H 'I. I W-q-'uip I". - H 'If _-".
'uf 5ft: I ""f'3:-::-::-:
EBETSK man, Tama.
_ _ fait Lay'; jfe;
fan Ire; w-satu-fevu 1e;
Tu étre mailae,
_ _
1e  un Waite, mn.
Fin 1m 1mm trauwgr “Hmnan.
Gm.
Hans "g gamma.
Ili"%a;14it;r;e fité as wits parts;
...J*'@uw/:r@I
III-I III III
un liluirfi
Iiiifl/minan am aiililauiirai.
- -
Héxt mum'?
Fifiutfi,
vearxture fig “fisfinan.
' .. ;; iuii ufifiuis; I fiii an ajuéts fiffiri;
“imam {nwim fiat
“Autrefiisia, _
n lei nrtaite
ffiuxrsiiais“ 'f?
Qfimment w 'f?
Aittienaint la mrt,
rr1éta| "'r'||ne.""'
'Use me surs enur réakser a
Qua- eniaht.“
v
A
“Fig-W j
v v
""'IllA rrfv/ a [aims mlvmr fiimi;
:-. 111 r" -r...'-. " .3 f. .' K ."
flffifi pains is]? %  {IQLITZZ-i E
flluyi f
- '"@@1;r@é$@ri ma? faimpillarimarint;
“J6 rie _
15-.' ___E_ if  H - I H _
_ ' % * a ~ fiillglig Bil?'  ; 5
V' A V'
. 'V H' _._
. ~
_ A
W:nian...
_ Tn ajty,
[a segue Efiifgfiifiififi
I giranisl Eififliffiifi Tfiiitlt-é if fit
Um est an gram, grate,
Vauttg un grfi flu wst-au-figu.
Finals “s an'; tans Qeux;
fie au@I\ étra hers.
:.- :—: I-j :—: :—: j-j
II III III III
_ Taqtawiaaw.
_ _ Mi, L
'ye; aur ti.
Vmuis irmjlartieiza ?
Et fangs? QUQI
in Va férier un <ur
n reairnriai.
V % x
A A - / A
-
As
I?
Ae fafififfi; é 1% gig, aarnme
Ae- finwax Evan gar trfimser ma 1mg.
4| q' ;'\ I
Lie "El rjia.
J"'a:| tut
AAhy,
Eisifi \eu\'* iafimfe QE afit-au-ieu.
As an azranse vargent.!
'AVE 'T?
Bfiiiein _% % % V
uiellte: razcaliriie:
Nan; minis irfifuiaeir;
T:I a V
_ 'i Li' fifiimrfie iffifiafiififa
ISELITtE-étifgfi; uh Jfiuir;
gal, waste-z é'.
Prfifiitez m; ins-mas mm regain a
-
fiuramflrx
Mfiufifiez we granfi maiiaima usaap a
Pranez ssh fia
tans as fieuiz. x
in Lrwreirira I!
N I I 1§r1§§I N
is Ear igliraitss!
T ma.
É, I @!&
Prfifiiufifti.
: slam; 13151-111
Fl Ni
A  TQ-'ei 'Afiimfaififi Lwl.